24 

Gen 24:1  Now Abraham was old, advanced in days, and Yahweh had blessed Abraham in everything. 

Now Abraham was old, advanced in days, 
“Abraham had lived a long time and was {now} {very} old,” or “Abraham was very old now. He had lived many years,” or “Now Abraham had become very old,” Verse one gives the setting for the new episode and begins with a doublet that emphasizes how old Abraham was. Try to preserve this emphasis in a way that is natural in your translation. (See: figs-doublet)

Gen 24:41  Then you will be clear from my oath: When you go to my clan, and if they will not give her to you, then you will be clear from my oath.’

when you go to my clan. And if they will not
“When/After you go to my clan/family {and find a wife/woman for Isaac}, if they are not willing to” or “If you find a wife for Isaac but my family refuses to”

Gen 24:48 and I bowed down and prostrated myself before Yahweh and I praised Yahweh, the God of my master Abraham, who led me on the right way to take the daughter of my master's brother for his son. 

the daughter of my master's brother
The Hebrew text is ambiguous here. It can mean: 1. “the granddaughter of my master’s brother” (referring to Nahor); or 2. “the daughter of my master’s relative” (referring to Bethuel). Abraham’s brother Nahor was the father of Bethuel and the grandfather of Rebekah (Genesis 11:26; 22:20-23).

Gen 24:53 Then the servant brought out jewelry of silver and jewelry of gold, and clothing, and gave them to Rebekah, and he gave valuable things to her brother and to her mother.

and he gave valuable things 
“He {also} gave valuable/expensive gifts”

Gen 24:57 Then they said, “Let’s call for the young woman and ask her mouth.”

Let's call for the young woman
“Let’s call/summon Rebekah” or “Let’s ask Rebekah to come here”. Consider again how you translated “young woman” in verses 14-16, 28, 43, 55 and 57, and see the note about this at verse 14. You may need to translate this differently, depending on the context. 

